[RA2 Ch2 Ch4] AF_XDP specs (#5)
anuket-project/RA2: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter04.rst

       the Kubernetes Cluster.
     - tbd
     - :cite:t:`anuket-ri2` Chapter 4, section Installation on Bare Metal Infratructure
   * - ra2.ch.019

>      - AF_XDP Zero Copy capable netdev’s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - AF_XDP Zero Copy capable netdevs
```

>      - AF_XDP Zero Copy capable netdev’s (dependent on AF_XDP Zero Copy NIC driver) must be available in Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - AF_XDP Zero Copy capable netdevs (dependent on AF_XDP Zero Copy NIC driver) must be available in a compliant Kubernetes cluster
```
